added ansible_delegated_host (#75578)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/user_guide/playbooks_vars_facts.rst

``ansible_check_mode`` is a boolean, set to ``True`` if you run Ansible with ``--check``.

> ``ansible_delegatd_host`` is a sting, containing the ``inventory_hostname`` of the host you are delegating to in the task, only defined if doing delegation. ``inventory_hostname`` always reflects the original host the task targeted.

Reviewer: ... is a _string_, containing the ... #nit

> ``ansible_delegatd_host`` is a sting, containing the ``inventory_hostname`` of the host you are delegating to in the task, only defined if doing delegation. ``inventory_hostname`` always reflects the original host the task targeted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
``ansible_delegated_host`` is a string, containing the ``inventory_hostname`` of the host you are delegating to in the task. This is only defined if you are doing delegation.  The ``inventory_hostname`` always reflects the original host the task targeted.
```

Reviewer 2: something that confuses me here - I don't think it ever overwrites ``inventory_hostname``, right? If so then it should be ...is a string containing the hostname of the host you are delegating to ... (as in don't use inventory_hostname there).

Author: inventory_hostname is explicitly overwritten  in the delegated vars to the 'original host', if that is what you are asking
